it's 15 GMT that's just past 5:00 p.m.
in Gaza where Israel's assault on the
Strip is intensifying and killing even
more
Palestinians the Israeli military has
Target the targeted the jabalia refugee
camp for a second day several homes were
destroyed killing dozens of people more
are buried under the rubble in the past
24 hours at least 700 Palestinians being
killed it's one of the highest daily
death tolls since the War Began and it's
expected to
rise in Gaza City there have been Street
to Street gun battles between Israeli
forces and Hamas Fighters members of
gaza's civil defense team are
desperately working to move the most
vulnerable civilians away from the
fighting for those who do manage to flee
safety is nearly impossible to find
Israel has struck one of the two main
roads linking Northern Gaza with the
South several Palestinians were injured
as they were traveling on salahadin
road and in the South families have been
saying their final goodbyes that's in
canun they are carrying the latest
victims of the shelling on their
shoulders and laying them to rest more
than 15,500 people have been killed in
Gaza since October the 7th acid bag
begins our
coverage Children Are Meant to play in
the dirt
but in Gaza it's the
Shroud the bombing has continued in
areas that the Israeli military said
were
safe I was asleep I woke up I found
myself under the rubble I didn't find
anything all around me was logs and
rocks I tried to move but I couldn't
because there were a lot of rocks I kept
screaming and calling for the people men
came and carried me they put me in the
ambulance
and more strikes on the jabalia refugee
camp reports of dozens
[Applause]
killed my father and brother are dead he
says there is no respite for
Palestinians
here civil defense teams frantically
Traverse narrow streets of hunus in the
South Palestinians homes and lives
continue to be ripped apart many have
already moved from the north to the
South
making these areas even more densely
populated than
before when the Civil Defense teams came
they were confronted by an unimaginable
scene a residential area consisting of
more than 50 houses as for the
testimonies of the civilians and
residents stating that this Square was
highly populated by residents and
internally displaced people it was
targeted by more than 10 bombs launched
by Israeli occupation forces we're
talking here about hundreds
killed
hamas's alasan Brigade Fighters released
video which appears to show them taking
on the Israeli Army in B hanon in the
northern Gaza
Strip Israel says it wants to destroy
Hamas but Fighters continue to resist
its military
Advance the sixth day ceasefire which
ended on Friday gave people a few days
of calm now there's more
Bloodshed fewer hospitals operating
fewer emergency vehicles and if this
rate of killing continues fewer
Palestinians left in the Gaza strip
Assad B Al
jaaz let's go live to our correspondent
thuk Abu aom he's in can yunas in
southern Gaza and thic canun is the
Israelis have said is now a war zone but
their attacks are continuing across the
strip with devastating
consequences yes as we have mentioned
earlier that the concentration uh after
the end of the last truce between Hamas
and Israel on the ground had been
directed towards Huna City and the south
of the Gaza Strip where it had been
under Relentless Israeli strikes uh
during the last couple of days and in
particular these kinds of are rates
intensify at night against several
residential areas and even agricultural
lands in the Eastern areas of uh khuna
City where also the coastal line of the
city had been attacked widely by the
Israeli Naval warships uh the uh
residents inside the city of canun are
really terrified as they have been
informed and they received different re
leaflets that had been dropped by the
Israel occupation Air Forces informing
them to flee to Rafa District in order
to be away from the Israeli bombardment
as they are turning uh the kanun city
into a war zone area uh that uh will
have further kind of expansion of the
military operations on the ground so the
situation right now is very uh
catastrophic and very difficult
as the number of people who had been
evacuating to the hospital right now had
been doubled and also the people who
have been uh now get backed in order to
flee to Rafa has been increased during
the last couple of hours due to the
Relentless strikes that dropped the city
earlier today ttic the Israelis are
saying that they're focusing on Kan
yunas because Hamas is operating from
there but hundreds of thousands of
people we believe have fled the fighting
in the north since October the 7th and
are in canun do we have an idea of how
many people are
there well uh personally I believe uh
that the situation for those people who
started to flee to raah district is
really inhuman I was just coming to work
uh earlier today and I found a lot of
people who are just moving using the
coastal line that linking between uh
that is linking between kanun and draa
they are moving moving to RAF city and
what is also very uh catastrophic is
that they are now setting up uh Camp
tent in the middle of the streets in the
uh in rafah uh area because the uh the
the majority of houses in rafah District
had become full of evacuees who had been
forcibly uh eved uh from the houses from
the north and Central areas of Gaza as
they were also have been told by people
there that they have been informed to
flee and they are afraid to lose their
family members and their beloved ones
and while the uh the the main result of
the these a strikes is that more waves
of evacuation are taking place as I
clearly uh so people have being loaded
their trucks with their Furniture their
stuff their items preparing themselves
to flee to rafah District which in fact
exat the situation on the ground in the
south of the Gaza triptic thank you very
much for that that is Abu AUM with the
latest live incar newness in southern
Gaza